mds: create EC pool as secondary pool (#8452)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-filesystem-crd.md

    activeStandby: true
```

> **IMPORTANT**: For erasure coded pools, we have to create a replicated pool as the primary pool and erasureCoded as the secondary pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT**: For erasure coded pools, we have to create a replicated pool as the default data pool and an erasure-coded pool as a secondary pool.
```

Separately, a directory layout property needs to be added to use the secondary EC data pool.

> ```console

Reviewer 2: They would first need to connect to the application pod before doing this, right?

> mkdir /mnt/cephfs/myssddir

Reviewer 2: The directory will be created by the csi driver and mounted in the app pod. No need to create a new dir, right?

> $ setfattr -n ceph.dir.layout.pool -v <ec-pool-name> /mnt/cephfs/myssddir #example ec-pool-name, myfs-ec

Reviewer 2: Rook generates the pool name, I believe in this case it would be the following for this example
```suggestion
$ setfattr -n ceph.dir.layout.pool -v myfs-ec-data1 /mnt/cephfs/myssddir 
```

    activeStandby: true
```

> > **NOTE**: For erasure coded, we have to create replicated pool as primary pool and erasureCoded as secondry pool and we need to add a directory layout for a secondary ec data pool [cephfs file-layouts](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/file-layouts/#adding-a-data-pool-to-the-file-system).

Reviewer 2: Since Rook configures the pools and the setfattr is a separate command, the link to the Ceph docs could be confusing. So we probably need to include the complete instructions here in Rook, and just link to Ceph as an fyi.
```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT**: For erasure coded pools, we have to create a replicated pool as the primary pool and erasureCoded as the secondary pool. 

Separately, a directory layout property needs to be added to use the secondary EC data pool. 

<Insert example setfattr command>

See [CephFS file layouts](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/file-layouts/#adding-a-data-pool-to-the-file-system) for more details.
```

Author: right, updated.

    activeStandby: true
```

> **IMPORTANT**: For erasure coded pools, we have to create a replicated pool as the default data pool and an erasure-coded pool as a secondary pool.

Reviewer 2: Could we get a confirmation from the cephfs team about the setattr that was suggested before? It isn't needed?

Reviewer 3: AFAIU, if you want a CephFS's dir tree data to be stored in a specific data pool (an ec pool in this scenario), then you'd need to set the dir.layout.pool attribute as done here,  https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/cephfs/file-layouts/#adding-a-data-pool-to-the-file-system

@batrick @kotreshhr ^^

Author: This is what we wanted to confirm as while testing I didn't run any command for file layout and we can see [here](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/8452#issuecomment-977690746) data is in the erasure-coded pool.
